power generators have been shut down
because of the lack of a fuel we're
going to take you to the general surgery
Department in the Opera floor where
their electricity is quite vital but
because of it there is a risk of losing
lives inside this department as you can
see lack of space is a major problem in
the hospital particularly this
department the general surgery where you
see patients and
injuries right at the corridor of the
hospital here for quite some time simply
because the hospital is lacking major
space here it's a midsize health
facility and unable to accommodate the
large number the large number of
injuries and patients inside the
hospital there's no Treatment available
no electricity basically nothing here
the hospital is struggling with just the
basics I've been here for over a month
and a half after being shot in my leg
and stomach
you can see I've had surgery but beyond
that there's only antibiotics I need
more surgeries but they're not happening
I'm told there's a long waiting list and
I've had to wait another 15 days it's
already been two months of
waiting we are at the pediatric
department for children at the alaka
hospital and this is the first
Department that is experiencing power
outage right now and as you can see and
and hear here at the floor of this this
department uh it's lacking major space
right now and we're seeing it children
outside in the corridor of this
department simply because the rooms
inside are
packed with patients and injuries as the
bombing campaign continues to pound
across the central area but right now
with the power outage at this particular
Department the risk of losing life the
rest of it aggravating the ongoing
medical problems across the hospital is
increasing by the hours the pediatric
department not the only one that is
experiencing now power outage but also
there is uh the surgery the generous
surgery department on the Upper Floor
that is also experiencing power outage
is putting the risk of more lives inside
the department at risk all right right
now we are in the storehouse where the
fuel is gifted for ala hospital here in
the central area and right now what the
workers are doing here they're trying to
collect what is left in these barrels
just to keep the generators
running we're resorting to drawing fuel
from the very depths of the reservoirs
just to salvage any usable drops these
are then stored in small containers to
sustain the electrical generator
although such practice is impacting the
generator's
functionality the hospital is a a very
critical point right now and a couple
hours or three hours are not far from
completely shutting down all the
services and risking the lives of
everyone inside the
hospital make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer